Salman Mohiuddin

Founder at Salman Sales Academy

salman@salmansalesacademy.com

links

https://app.apollo.io/#/contacts/694979a2fd06dc002167a31c

https://www.linkedin.com/in/salmanmohiuddin/

https://www.linkedin.com/company/salmansalesacademy/posts/?feedView=all

Founder
Salman Sales AcademySalman Sales Academy
Jul 2023 - Present · 2 yrs 6 mosJul 2023 to Present · 2 yrs 6 mos
Helping AEs, SDRs + Sales teams find and close more deals. 🚀 Boosting income and revenue. 
17 years of tech Sales experience, all as an individual contributor. I've been in your shoes as an SDR, Commercial, and Enterprise AE at companies like Salesforce, IBM and Asana. In the trenches. Exceeding targets. Even in economic downturns.
Documenting all of my learnings, I've built out a Sales playbook. Now I want to give back to YOU.
I teach individual contributors + Sales teams on how to sell better, exceed targets, boost income / revenue, and accelerate growth. All with actionable Sales content and insights that you and your team can start using right away. Seeing immediate results.

Salman Sales Academy (SSA) is a sales training and coaching company dedicated to helping individual sales contributors and organizations enhance their go-to-market potential. Founded by Salman Mohiuddin, who has 17 years of experience in tech sales, SSA addresses the need for effective sales coaching that many companies encounter. Salman shares his insights and strategies through various platforms, building a strong community of over 86,000 professionals.

SSA ... Show More
Keywords

sales

discovery

interview advice
Show all
70
Founded year
2022
Revenue
-
Industries

management consulting
Number of employees
2 employees
SIC codes

8742
NAICS codes

61169
Stage

Cold
Location
Toronto, Canada
Engagement
0 Inbound · 0 Outbound
Engagement graph
Labels
Not present in any list.

Experience Highlights
IBM (6.5 Years):

Started as an SDR and got promoted to AE within nine months.
Worked at IBM for 6.5 years, selling through the 2008-09 recession.
Won the Sales Eminence award as a top performer, selling to IT, Security and Business leaders.
Salesforce (6.5 Years):

Spent 6.5 years as a mid-market and Enterprise AE.
3+ years as a hunter, closing dozens of new logos in the process.
3+ years as an Strat Enterprise AE, closing the largest deals of his career.
Asana (2 Years):

Served as an Enterprise AE for 2 years.
Exceeded quota both years and finishing as the top AE on the team during an economic downturn.
Startups (2 Years):

Gained valuable experience working at a couple of startups, with limited resources.


Salman’s Mission Now
For the past 2.5+ years, Salman has been sharing actionable sales content on LinkedIn, aiming to provide value to fellow sellers.

This led to coaching salespeople on the side, all while continuing to excel in his full-time role at Asana.

Eventually, he decided to follow his passion for helping others and launched Salman Sales Academy.

His mission is to help sales professionals find more deals, close more deals, make more money, and accelerate their careers.

When he’s not working, he’s spending time with his wife and 3 daughters and remains dedicated to giving back to the community. He’s passionate about helping sellers progress and thrive, and he’s excited to bring that passion to you through Salman Sales Academy.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------/

Timothy Tiryaki
Co-Founder & Co-CEO at Strategy.Inc

tt@strategy.inc

links:
linkedin.com/in/timtiryaki

https://www.strategy.inc/

https://drtim.world/

About
I help organizations turn North Star clarity into execution, building strategies that scale and cultures that perform.

My work sits at the intersection of strategy, leadership, and culture. For over two decades, I’ve guided leaders and organizations through transformation, helping them align their purpose, strategy, and culture to thrive in complexity. I believe clarity precedes execution, and wisdom must guide both.

With 25 years of experience spanning Fortune 500s, government, consulting, and entrepreneurship, my career began at Procter & Gamble and Intel, where I learned the discipline of clarity and execution in fast-moving environments. Later, at BDC Consulting and Great Place to Work Inc., I deepened my expertise in strategy, business model & culture transformation before founding Maslow Research Center and Strategy.Inc.

Today, my work has reached leadership teams at Suncor Energy, Aviso Wealth, and the U.S. Army, helping them align vision and strategy, strengthen culture, and elevate leadership effectiveness. My research has led to the creation of frameworks such as the North Star Framework and The Big Five of Strategy, now used by organizations and coaches globally.

I believe strategy is deeply human. When people find clarity in their purpose and leaders align around it, execution becomes unstoppable.

Summary 
✦ Author of Leading with Culture (2024) and Leading with Strategy (2025)
✦ Founder of Maslow Research Center | Co-founder of Strategy.Inc
✦ Keynote Speaker | Executive Advisor | Executive Coach
✦ Strategy - Culture - Leadership Alignment 
✦ Profit & Loss (P&L) Management | Go-to-Market Strategies (GTM) | Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A)

Timothy Timur Tiryaki, PhD 
  3rd degree connection3rd
Strategist by craft, educator at heart | Author of Leading with Strategy & Leading with Culture| Founder of Strategic Canada | Co-Founder of Strategy.Inc |

Business Number (BN): 700921422
Registry ID: BC1537335
Registered Office Location: COQUITLAM, BC
Status: Active
Status Notes: -
Business Type: BC Company
Created: 2025-04-29

Trading symbol
NASDAQ: MSTR
Market cap
$69.5B
Number of employees
5 employees
SIC codes

8742
NAICS codes
54161

-----------------------------------------------------------------------/

Katelyn Bourgoin
Co-Founder at UNIGNORABLE

kbo@customercamp.co

links:
https://www.beunignorable.com/

linkedin.com/in/katebour

learnwhywebuy.com 


Co-Founder
UNIGNORABLE · Self-employedUNIGNORABLE · Self-employed
Dec 2022 - Present · 3 yrs 1 moDec 2022 to Present · 3 yrs 1 mo
It’s 2025. People want to buy from people—not faceless brands. We help entrepreneurs build personal brands that build their business. 

Overview
People wanna buy from people—not faceless brands.

We'll help you build an unignorable personal brand.

Website
https://www.beunignorable.com/
Industry
Marketing Services
Company size
2-10 employees
3 associated members LinkedIn members who’ve listed UNIGNORABLE as their current workplace on their profile.
Specialties
Personal Branding, Audience Building, and Positioning & Messaging

-----------------------------------------------------------------------/

Jermaine Murray
Founder at JupiterHR

jermaine@jupiterhr.ca

links
https://jupiterhr.ca/

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jermainelmurray/

About
I'm Jermaine L. Murray, also known as The Jobfather. I’m on a mission to help 500 Black people get jobs in tech. Right now, I'm proud to say I'm over 400 and counting. 

This isn't just work for me—it's purpose.

I help people land roles that change their lives. I teach them how to navigate systems that weren’t built for us and win in spaces that never expected us. Every resume I rewrite, every interview I prep, every offer I help negotiate—it's all about creating freedom, stability, and pride through career growth.

I believe in our potential and I know what happens when we're given the tools, the strategy, and the support to thrive. If you're ready to take the next step in your career, I'm here to help you make it your strongest move yet.

I'm Rootin' For Everybody Black!

What I specialize in: 

How to get your dream job.
How to build a Startup.
Scaling a Startup.
How to improve your Resume.
How to have a successful time at networking events.
Salary Negotiations.
Help with prepping for an Interview.
How to get Promoted.
General Career Advice
General Tech Startup Advice.



jupiterHR is a Canadian career coaching and recruitment platform that connects Black professionals, especially in the technology sector, with equitable job opportunities. Founded in 2015 by Jermaine Murray, the company empowers Black talent through personalized services such as career coaching, resume writing, and interview preparation, emphasizing storytelling to help candidates effectively communicate their career narratives.

The company offers tailored career coaching sessions to help professionals navigate career challenges and enhance their income potential. JupiterHR also provides strategies for employers to increase Black representation in their applicant pools and access to a large network of Black tech professionals, which includes job referrals and industry insights. Additionally, JupiterHR conducts diversity workshops to foster inclusive workplace cultures.

Operating primarily from Brampton, Ontario, JupiterHR serves both job seekers and companies like Deloitte, DraftKings, and Shopify, focusing on advancing Black professionals in tech and promoting diversity and inclusion in the workplace.


Phone number--(416)-985-1211
Founding year
2014
Number of employees
5 employees
SIC codes

7361
NAICS codes
56131


-----------------------------------------------------------------------/

Katy McFee
Founder & CEO at Insights to Action Coaching & Consulting

katy@insightstoactioncc.com

links

https://insightstoactioncc.com/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/katy-mcfee-3880b4a/


Founded year
-
Revenue
-
Industries

professional training & coaching
Number of employees
4 employees
SIC codes

8742
NAICS codes

61169
Stage

No Stage
Location
898 N Pacific Coast HwyEl Segundo, California 90245

Labels
Not present in any list.

About
Insights to Action helps female executives and aspiring leaders to get to the next level through group coaching programs, 1-1 coaching, and corporate leadership development programs. CEO Katy McFee is a top 40 under 40 winner, former VP and EVP, and her mission is to help close the gender gap in senior leadership.

About
I’m passionate about empowering women and helping to close the gender gap in senior leadership. 

I spent 18 years in tech and biotech sales, holding positions as a VP and EVP, Sales. Along the way I introduced many brand new technologies to market, built a commercial organization from scratch, and scaled a hyper-growth team to achieve 9 digit revenue growth in 2 years.

Despite this success, I struggled for years with my transition from Manager to Director to VP, and even asked myself if I was cut out to be a senior executive. 

Finally, I ‘figured it out’ and had the confidence, knowledge and skills that I needed to be an impactful leader. 

My mission at Insights to Action is to help others get there by sharing what I’ve learned.

I want to use my passion to help more women transition to senior leadership and help leaders make that leap from unsure and unfocused to strategic, decisive and outcome driven - all without burning out. My goal is to help women thrive as executives, instead of merely surviving. 

I would love to work with you on your journey and look forward to connecting!

Read about what some of my clients are saying: https://www.insightstoactioncc.com/testimonials

-----------------------------------------------------------------------/





